​ @rs_   "The authors use an overly-expansive definition of lockdowns. Even mandatory mask wearing could be interpreted as lockdown. This meta-study mixes results from diverse studies measuring the effect of widely different policies."

"Lockdown" is essentially a slang term for NPI, so the authors aren't really deviating from common usage. Lockdowns, and NPI, seem to map one-to-one, excluding pharmaceutical interventions, onto OxCGRT (Oxford Covid Government Response Tracker) , or the stringency index of government response. OxCGRT was developed by Oxford students to track the intervention level  of various localities. 

-----------------------------------------------------------

The study aims to evaluate the effectiveness of these NPI, lockdowns, and utilizes indices, if not identical, very similar to the ones used by OxCGRT, on C19 mortality. The measures the study is concerned with are the same that are tracked by indices, used by OxCGRT, and those found in the stringency indexes referenced by other included studies, so they don't seem particularly useless to those other parties at least. 

The fundamental question is: Of the various NPI implemented,  those that , in their words "restrict peoples’ possibilities" , what was the impact?  You say the various NPI "vary broadly". The authors explain that they have at least a couple of things in common, they "restrict possibilities", and they are non-pharmaceutical, meaning this is study is explicitly intending not to evaluate the effectiveness of the various health care systems.



RESPONSE TO "That perspective is limited"

Look at the wikipedia page for lockdown and you will find the same. Regardless, the term as it is applied does refer to the assortment of items that fall under the umbrella term NPI. Whether their perspective on the semantics of the term are limited or not, for the sake of clarity,  definitions are provided. If you mean to imply that their use of the term is misleading in any way, I think it is clear that if that were the intent, they would have failed miserably considering the precision in their use of it.